this section is for earlier on in the intro sequence:

beforedooropen - Everett: Control this is agent blitz, I'm making a request to open cell 3 11.

exitcell - Everett: Hey, they've got some work for you. Do me a favor and step out of the cell.

exitcellrefuse1 - Everett: What are you stupid or something? I said step out of the cell. If you don't step out, I'm gonna kill you.

exitcellrefuse2 - Everett: Look buddy I don't got all day. If you don't step out of the cell, I'm gonna kick your ass.

escort1 - Everett: Just follow me. oh and by the way, we're authorized to kill any disobedient test subjects so, don't try anything stupid.

escort2 - Everett: Just follow me. oh and by the way, we're authorized to uhh, exterminate, any disobedient test subjects so, i'd recommend not doing anything stupid.

cellgas1 - Everett: Well you've got to be the most idiotic test subject we've ever had. Open the gas valves.

cellgas2 - Everett: Welp, can't blame me for trying. Shut the door and open the gas valves.

escortkill1 - Everett: Fine. Be that way. We'll get someone else instead.

escordkill2 - Everett: Well Fine. Be that way. We'll just get somebody else then.

escortpissedoff1 - Everett: I'm not in the mood for this shit. Cooperate or theres gonna be blood.

escortpissedoff2 - Everett: I'm can't with this shit. Cooperate now or theres going to be a bullet in your brain.

escortrefuse1 - Everett: Hurry up dumbass! They're waiting for you.

escortrefuse2 - Everett: I swear to fucking god if you do not get in that chamber!

escortrun - Everett: Hey dumbass, get over here. You're going the wrong way.

escortterminated - Everett: You, get rid of the body, I'll find another test subject.

escortterminated - Oscar: Alright fine.

escortdone1 - Everett: And we made it. Just follow the instructions, and you should be fine.

escortdone2 - Everett: Welp we're here. It's kinda sad I didn't get to punch you in the face but, whatever.

escortdone3 - Everett: Well we made it. Just follow the instructions, and you'll be fine. Or maybe you won't, I'm not paid enough to care.

escortdone4 - Everett: And we're here. Unfortunately I didn't get to punch you in the face, but I guess it's fine.

escortdone5 - Everett: Wow. You actually cooperated. Maybe if you survive I'll get you some 420-J. Then again, no guarantees.

ohandbytheway - Everett: Oh, and by the way...

---

the rest are for the conversations:

Everett: Soooo, hows you're day been?

Oscar: Uhh, pretty good I'd say. Yours?

Everett: It's fine.

Oscar: Hey you got any idea what happened to that d class that escaped last month?

Everett: A d class escaped during the containment breach?

Oscar: Yeah, I think his designation was D-9341

Everett: No, D-9341 was recaptured by the foundation, then designated as an scp.

Oscar: Are you sure?

Everett: Yes, I am. D-9341 escaping is just a rumor.

Oscar: Whatever you say.

---

Everett: You know, I might quit this job soon.

Oscar: You really hate this position don't you.

Everett: Well I mean, I love working in security. But the pay is terrible, and us guards aren't respected at all!

Oscar: Yeah I see where you're coming from. Wait, we should start a company together.

Everett: Our own company? Ehh, I'll have to pass, I can't hold all that responsibility.

Oscar: You'll be head of security.

Everett: Deal!

---

Oscar: Soo, uhhh. Wana chat?

Everett: No, I'm not in the mood.

Oscar: Alright, alright.

---

Oscar: Well, you seen any good movies lately?

Everett: Eh, no not really.

Oscar: Alright. Well I just finished watching 2001 the other day and It's got to be one of my favourite movies of all time.

Everett: 2001? Whats that?

Oscar: 2001: A Space Odyssey. You've never heard of it?

Everett: Nope. Doesn't ring a bell.

Oscar: Dang. Well you should watch it, it's really good.

Everett: I'll look into it.

---

Oscar: Well, you seen any good movies lately?

Everett: Eh, no not really.

Oscar: Oh ok. What about any new video games?

Everett: No, just the same old.

Oscar: What about books?

Everett: Eh, no. Just the same old still.

Oscar: Damn. Hey you know someone should make a video game about this place.

Everett: Oh yeah, that would be pretty cool.

Oscar: I'll start working on it.

---